<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>About the Author</title>
<link href="template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:6d089a91-26e1-4be0-9b0c-df851928ee57" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="backmatter" id="b01-body-0001">
<section class="ATA" epub:type="contributors"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="Page_181" role="doc-pagebreak" title="181"/><span id="b01-sec-0001"/>
<h2 class="Heading-1" id="h2-1"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="Page_182" role="doc-pagebreak" title="182"/>About the Author</h2>
<p class="Normal" id="b01-para-0001">A graduate of Brown University and the University of Wisconsin Law School, <b>Mark Ryan</b> has been teaching math since 1989. He runs The Math Center (<a href="http://www.themathcenter.com"><span class="Code-within-text"><code>www.themathcenter.com</code></span></a>) in Winnetka, Illinois, where he teaches high school math courses, including an introduction to geometry and a workshop for parents based on a program he developed, <em>The 10 Habits of Highly Successful Math Students.</em> In high school, he twice scored a perfect 800 on the math portion of the SAT, and he not only knows mathematics but also has a gift for explaining it in plain English. He practiced law for four years before deciding he should do something he enjoys and use his natural talent for mathematics. Ryan is a member of the Authors Guild and the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics.</p>
<p class="Normal" id="b01-para-0002"><em>Geometry Essentials For Dummies</em> is Ryan’s sixth book. <em>Everyday Math for Everyday Life</em> (Grand Central Publishing) was published in 2002; <em>Calculus For Dummies</em> (Wiley), in 2003; <em>Calculus Workbook For Dummies</em> (Wiley), in 2005; <em>Geometry Workbook For Dummies</em> (Wiley), in 2006; and <em>Geometry For Dummies,</em> 2nd Edition (Wiley) in 2008. His math books have sold over a quarter of a million copies.</p>
<p class="Normal" id="b01-para-0003">Also a tournament backgammon player and a skier and tennis player, Ryan lives in Chicago.</p>
<p class="PubAck-Title" id="b01-para-0004" style="page-break-before: always;"><b>Publisher’s Acknowledgments</b></p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0006"><b>Project Editor:</b> Joan Friedman</p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0007"><b>Acquisitions Editor:</b> Lindsay Sandman Lefevere</p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0008"><b>Assistant Editor:</b> David Lutton</p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0009"><b>Technical Editors:</b> Nancy Cozad, Amanda D. Milligan</p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0010"><b>Senior Editorial Manager:</b> Jennifer Ehrlich</p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0011"><b>Editorial Supervisor and Reprint Editor:</b> Carmen Krikorian</p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0012"><b>Editorial Assistant:</b> Rachelle S. Amick</p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0013"><b>Production Editor:</b> Magesh Elangovan</p>
<p class="PubAck-Ed-Prod-Names" id="b01-para-0014"><b>Cover Image:</b> © Jorg Greue/Getty Images</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>